Update issue templates (#505)
atbcb/ICTTestingBaseline: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue-template.md

---
name: Issue template
about: Describe this issue template's purpose here.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> Please identify which Baseline for Web test your issue is about (example: Test 6. Images)

Author: ```suggestion
Please identify which Baseline your issue is about (example: Web Baseline Test 6. Images)
```

> Please identify which Baseline your issue is about (example: Web Baseline Test 6. Images)

Author: ```suggestion
Please include in your issue: 

1. the Baseline your issue is about (example: Web Baseline)

1. the test, if applicable (example: 6. Images)

```
